﻿﻿﻿## MotivationTo understand and use Machine Learning to solve real-world problems and make valuable contributions to the society. I will be using this Readme file to document my progress in the ML coursework and the projects for future reference. Trying to see if I can continue this for 100 days and document what I feel in terms of my progress towards understanding and applying ML once I meet this goal. ## Learning Resources used so far:     1)	Machine Learning by Stanford University – Coursera (Enrolled Nov 12, 2018)### Day 1: Nov 12, 2018Today’s Progress: Learned about Supervised/Unsupervised Learning, Gradient Descent and Cost Functions. Solved a few quizzes for Coursera ML course. Thoughts: Very clearly explained in the course. ### Day 2: Nov 13, 2018Today’s Progress: Looking into a Project to use ML to predict the price of a house. Installed Miniconda, Jupyter and few packages (NumPy, Pandas, Matplotlib and Seaborn) required to do the analysis. Searched for a dataset that can be used for the same. Thoughts: Will have to look into what data/packages will be most useful. Also get accustomed to using new tools and Python.  ### Day 3: Nov 14, 2018Today’s Progress: Revised basics of Linear Algebra, Operations on Matrices and Vectors. Done with Week1 for ML course. Looked into Gradient Descent using Multivariate Linear Regression. Thoughts: Need to look into some exercises for Multivariate Linear Regression using Gradient Descent. ### Day 4: Nov 15, 2018Today’s Progress: Installed Octave for ML Projects. Looking into Octave commands that will be useful. Thoughts: Will be more useful when I actually use them during the project### Day 5: Nov 16, 2018Today's Progress: Learned about Normal Equation method. Understood use cases of Normal Equation vs Gradient Descent for Cost Prediction. Solved a couple of questions on this. Learned to use Octave to perform Linear Regression. For my project on Housing Price Prediction, I will be using Linear Regression as the first step to Predict prices. Learned about data correlation and how to generate and visualize correlation matrix.Thoughts: Planning to use Linear Regression for House Proce Prediction. To drill down further into understanding this method. ### Day 6: Nov 29, 2018Todays' Progress: Classification, Hypothesis Representation, Decision Boundary### Day 7: Nov 30, 2018Todays' Progress: Logistic Regression Model, Cost Function, Gradient Descent, Advanced Optimization, Multiclass Classification### Day 8: Dec 1, 2018Todays' Progress: Underfitting vs Overfitting, Regularized Linear Regression, Regularized Logistic Regression. Solved a couple of exercises### Day 9: Dec 2, 2018Today's Progress: Logistic Regression Programming Assignment### Day 10: Dec 3, 2018Today's Progress: Understood Correlation matrix and correlation coefficient. Generated correlation coefficient for Housing Price Prediction project using Seaborn. Performed Linear Regression on the Housing Prices Data using sklearn. Used Statistics 101 videos as Reference: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQNpSa-bq4M